questioner yeah we recording at the
moment yeah I just say okay like see
only goodness
sure so I've mostly been trading on
Allen's toes and I've been treading on
my toes all over some PR suggest I give
s so I've been trying to land the adding
via async iterators which has men yeah
updating some other modules as well so
the because you've got a whole bunch of
like outstanding module upgrades that we
need to perform so in order to get the
async iterate offering because we've
changed slightly how things work around
like adding strings and stuff so now
you're gonna be able to like add a
string and that string is going to
appear as the file contents of the file
he was added but the interface tests say
that you shouldn't be outside strings
because at some point in the dim and
distant past they were treated as parts
and it was as either ten either add from
FS function and then remove the ability
to add a string but it's something that
people from pro school mention quite a
lot it's like not having to know what a
buffer is before you can start using
like FS kind of so basically the
integration see the interface tests need
updating to accept strings but to do
that we need to update it in chairs of
your essence and dudes that we need to
upgrade either first the CTL in all the
various libraries they use it so because
the changes go across the HTTP client
and they go across the call
implementation itself
they both need to cut to pull under
latest interface tests which will have
the fixes that change the behavior and
adding strings and that kind of stuff so
I have done the PR the updates client to
have delays ipfs D CTL which music and
then use the latest interface core
okay it's kind of full up stuff from
that so in our shared function to be
from the core and the client into the
utils module trying to normalize the
inputs in a centralized place so that
code isn't duplicated that kind I think
that in my week so yes it is all going
along swimmingly
now there's gonna finish his PR that
adds that support which is going to be
super nice and that's going to affect
how the well it was affecting how I was
starting to change the modules so a
chance to change the ad methods will
route via this async iterator method so
yeah that is me any questions
cool Stevens you only given up
this week I will be reviewing the fact
amount patches other than that I would
like to try to land if it's papac's I
have yeah and then probably that's
usually our view what was the last thing
you wanted to land a bit swap that's
right the Dione
yeah it's all changed I have for trying
to Lee better stay connected to Pierce
we're if it's walking with don't be like
find time thank you then you gonna have
any like async updates from folks who
are not present today yes I guess as far
as I know interests being doing a bunch
of research stuff basically for package
managers so last week II demoed an
implementation of a tool that allows
people to verify that packages like a
package release is kosher I guess um so
it's it's kind of like it's kind like a
website I guess where people can it sort
of works a little bit like the way that
get a pull request work and that you can
sort of like approve release and then
it's got a whole like trust system that
he set up and he's kind of kind of
experimenting with um I don't know isn't
your nuts on the call I guess not so I
think that I didn't it's just been
continuing his work on pub/sub and
Dominic has been continuing his work on
fuse integration is that sound right
Steven
you know something is by right
also something interesting has happened
is Michaels opened a pull request
against Cena capacity one spec to add
metadata to the file objects which is
quite cool and so it's starting with the
mode or permissions and then a bunch of
like time stuff so modified time access
time creation time that kind of thing
and there's a bit of back and forth on
whether or not these things are actually
worth including you know if they just do
more harm than good so that some
progress then I think this would be kind
of a like I will do something because we
need we need that in the exercise but we
do need creation times or modification
times and we need likely be modes we
probably don't need user names but like
we do it once we may not be happy with
where we put the potato because if
there's a list of a ton like if you put
it the file if you put it the directory
to put it another block like how do you
deal with all this but we kind of Ashley
I don't know
care less because we're Kleenex must be
do anyways yeah I mean the access time
is pretty racy because every time you
look up phone you're gonna change it
yeah I'm I'm less concerned about that I
think we might just might not have it
it's like what a lot of subdue is the e
cycle well tax time but I think they'd
be either like fuzz it or like it's like
if the access time is newer than the
multiplication time I didn't record
another isotope I can work sorry how
that works I'd almost just like drop the
accent I would say whatever we don't
support it a lot of Austin stone tool
was almost never rely on it because a
lot of Austin's don't but that's this is
a make sure that we have been healthy
yeah yeah we really have one guy kind of
pipe off as a this is going to change
the hash every time which means the
metadata
yeah I guess we're just kind of accepted
as a limitation of of the full matter
but yeah I like so one one think they'll
help there is that I I believe them like
these often should be out wrong like
when you add a file by default you can
tell them by like or maybe you get like
default modes like so you like a default
execute there's like that yeah but then
like if you need these then like you
feel like mount that's like with a flag
that allows you to it like have certain
custom attributes but not the rest of
them yeah I think it would be a good
idea to of defaults cuz that would give
us buck was comparability as well yeah
cuz like but most the time like you
don't know you these this is really like
active interests need them archives need
them but like farm styling and website
at you fast I don't care about these
things and like honestly most the tools
I use don't use access time through
modification because they tend not to be
though they're reliable
anyways so all these tools are just
relying on like a has to check some
changed it hasn't changed okay fine
that's he I'm it's a fair point like
does our checksum change - I'll check
some it's a hash the multi hash inside
the security could be the checksum of
the fob and it's gonna change every time
every time you changing what's the path
for um I don't know putting a deadline
on the bike or letting the bike
should go on for just long enough that
is useful and then getting everyone to
commit such that we can make progress on
the do you discuss we won stuff I I
think just getting enough people to
review it and then say yes we are happy
with us and just move forward
should we bring it to a design review
threaten the core implementation meeting
in a coming
yeah now that we have PR yeah that's a
good idea
there are things I would like to propose
that we push this meeting back by 15
minutes or so it now overlaps with an
extended gateway tea meeting that makes
it a little bit difficult to leave leave
that meeting and come to this meeting so
I mean they're gonna be 15 minutes late
to this one or leave that one 15 minutes
early so I would prefer if there were no
conflict and we don't seem to take up a
full hour any more curious is the yeah
don't you have a cross project
coordination sync up 5 as well yes but I
don't think this meeting is gonna take a
full hour or it hasn't been it's been
taking half an hour you currently have
an hour scheduled for that's great yeah
less meeting okay I'll stick it in the
chapters so other people who aren't here
can thumbs up it as well but generally
will either push back by 15 or 30
minutes
right any other package manager' related
agenda items I don't know if you guys
have taken a look through the I mean
just look a nice actually just wrote our
okay guys but in September and so we we
are getting close to the end of the
quarter
so I think a good opportunity to look at
the things that we take it on and say
hey this thing was important
he's like someone else who can pick it
up and take it on as an owner it's it
more important than the last month of q3
work that someone else is planning to do
or hey I'm really not going into this
cuz the stuff I'm working on right now
is more important and then just like
preemptively not stressing yourself out
with having lots of different things we
can Alex well I will stick the recording
of this meeting somewhere and let's call
it quits it's we don't have anything
else to talk about
cool thanks a lot everyone happy Tuesday